Android client. Fixed the bug status message wouldn't applied sometimes (#2982)
BearWare/TeamTalk5: ChangeLog.txt

- Updated Qt to 6.10.0 on Windows and macOS
Android Client
- Join last channel checkbox is now disabled by default in Server Properties Dialog

> - fixed the bug where status messages wouldn't be set at login sometimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the status message would sometimes not be set when logging in.
```
